Oh
[Music]
hello Internet how are you doing today
I'm going to do a version 1 versus
version 2 boosted board comparison
review of sorts I've been writing a
version 1 for about a year now I got the
version 2 a month ago and I am
absolutely loving it if you're new
around here my name is sarah geeky
rhymes with peachy I post here every
Monday through Friday so if you see
something you like hit that subscribe
button and let's hop right into it
I had to grab a friend to help me with
this video
no mr. Samish ever how long have you
been writing a boosted words I first got
one in 2014
for review and then I got my actual
board in 2015 I have 2,000 miles on my
be 115 I've already put like a hundred
miles on my g2 Jing
ok so we're going to go through some
differences what is the biggest
difference between the v1 v2 that you
have have I noticed even though it's a 5
millimeter difference the 80 millimeter
wheels on v2 makes a substantial
difference
I feel like and torque acceleration the
the thrusting sheer power of being
faster quicker yeah and my biggest thing
is the Bluetooth so I live in an area
like more in Midtown area and it
disconnects a lot I might be one I'd be
going through intersections especially
when it gets over to 5th Ave 5 34th
Street and 8th it disconnects a lot so
the Bluetooth will just kind of crap out
on you on the v2 the Bluetooth is
improved that doesn't happen anymore how
about you ever no it doesn't happen at
all and so that's like in terms of
safety something very important because
when you're cruising especially like by
6ab and you're in the middle of an
intersection you lose power you need to
be able to stop or power through or
parents when you can't do either of
those but that's only an issue really
with like really dense cities I bring z1
out to the suburbs of Jersey I'd never
disconnect rarely but in New York City
is definitely problem in vitro
completely salted the jack is the same
abductions are a little bit bigger
there's better batteries what did they
change that's special about the battery
it is user replaceable but it's kind of
a pain in the butt to change the battery
so you have a inboard en board is
another lecture skateboards but you can
change the battery effortlessly within I
mean I've done it in 10 seconds with
what's the district for battery you can
replace it but you have to get their
little tool unscrew the
just put a new battery on something
that's special about the v2 is you have
the battery that goes 12 12 miles but we
don't have that yet when your name is
coming I would say at the end of the
year booth I mean it's already been
delayed a year when i pre-ordered my
board in July of 2016 i pre-ordered the
dual plus extended range they set in an
update month later that's not coming
till the end of the year so it'll be
like over a year late ah that hurts my
heart but that that's what got me most
excited about the G - what's that range
because we're always cruising around the
city whether it's for getting places or
if it's just for fun and put the damp
around the party when you have to stop
and turn right and I bring my charger
with me everywhere I go I'm sure you do
[Music]
amazing
you have a v1 you have an M word why did
you get this music was it good the
Bluetooth the range is that mainly the
range well it's a new gadget so I have
to have it the extended battery
definitely for sure like I preordered
with the extended battery and hopes you
know thinking that I would get it still
looking forward to that
the torque on this board I have yet to
ride an electric longboard that is as
powerful and as torquey and climbs to
talk to be as fast as you sit board does
and let me play something unique about
the deuce words that I think still sets
it apart is the way it just handles
streets like New York it can handle like
the small potholes and I can handle all
the things that you're going over some
of the smaller boards it might be good
because they're smaller and more compact
but I would not trust going up to 22
miles an hour right and I really don't
get the shakes much on the booster board
when even when you're going at top some
wobble the wobbles and the board is
really flexi which is great so that
lends to the comfortable ride when you
go over bumps the board flexes acting as
a sort of suspension system the wheels
are kind of mushy and then I don't know
if you've ever noticed but where the
battery and like the like motor
controller housings are there's like a
half a millimeter gap so when the board
flexes the wood doesn't like you know
the plastic doesn't there's like a lot
of attention to detail on the boot the
board that you don't really see on other
electric skateboard and it just works
they just worked besides changing belts
and the occasional and rare red light of
death the booster board's great but
changing color and the customer service
is fantastic right but changing belts is
definitely a real thing every three or
four hundred miles you will have to
change belts it's like you can call it
similar to what you have to do with
replacing tires every however many
thousand miles but yeah bail strip and I
recommend having belts on deck don't rip
a bail and then have to order one just
when you get your boosted board or if
you're watching this and you don't have
fare belt get them yeah I bought my
booster board me one via Craigslist
almost about a year ago in San Fran
sisq and so you're probably wondering
is it is it worth it to go for the VGA
or should I maybe just buy second-hand
v1 you know it is up to you I think the
v2 is worth it especially when you get
that extra extra battery but right now
how long do you think the wait is I mean
now that they're actually in production
full-swing if you are in one today o to
get to get a g2 i think it's like five
or six weeks to get it it's not crazy no
but that that extended battery we won't
be getting until the end of the year egg
yes yes I will say if you live in a city
if you live in a San Francisco or a New
York don't know if it will fare well in
LA or something because the range is six
miles with the standard battery but if
you cruise super fast it's more like
four or five but what we get yeah I
would highly recommend it is the only
way that I get around the city literally
the only way I take the subway if it's
raining or if I just have to grow the
distance but if you live in a city it is
not only fun you guessed it from me
right today you're right three miles
away yeah and so I boosted to him but
then when you get here you you
immediately are going to try plug in and
try right and so it's practical and it's
fun if you live in the burbs it might
just be more of a fun thing but I think
it's worth it and just touching on
another one of the technical differences
of v1 to v2 the gear ratio is different
on v2 the motors and casings and the
motor housings are different on v2 and
if you're watching this and you've never
ridden a boosted board or even on an
electric skateboard I bet you have a
friend of a friend that has one
definitely get out there like if you're
interested in one get out there and try
one out before you plunk down like 1500
bucks because they are I mean you can
call them dangerous they're also really
fun and and yeah and definitely wear a
helmet
the last thing that we need to do of
course to take my be one maybe two hands
we won Sam's me - and put one on each
leg and race cuz da right this is good
research we got you scored we got the
two controllers
it looks like it's Sam's first time
rollerskating he's just happy brisk walk
account oh I could probably do more than
two
[Music]
Oh
Oh that'll visit by a car
alright so this is gonna be a we're
going to race your inner HS porta potti
for the for birdie to UM fun yeah yeah
yeah alright right you want to go to the
finish line do this your mark go
[Music]
maybe the most visible thing identify
come on sorry don't give up struggling
hard I didn't win what I finished and
that's what matters though it's really
hard yeah that's a champion
congratulations when you're good yeah
guys thank you guys so much for watching
this video and hanging out with us the
booster board really is a game changer
when you're living in a city like New
York and it's just fun it's just a lot
of fun so what have you liked this video
hit the subscribe button down below and
also make sure you subscribe to these
guys
[Music]